Added quiz to 3.3 about pipeline organization, self-hosted runners, a… (#433)
liatrio/devops-bootcamp: docs/3-virtual-machines-containers/3.3-managing-infrastructure.md

  [Nexus OSS](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/installation-and-upgrades) is a versioned artifact repository. It is used to store multiple versions of different packages and supports different repository types (Maven, npm, Docker, etc). It is scalable and integrates with lots of other software delivery tools.

## Maven

>   **Maven** is one of the many popular build tools that you will come to learn about throughout the bootcamp. For now, you are not expected to have a firm grasp on what exactly it is, but you will revisit it along with the other build tools in Chapter 6. For now, all you need to understand is that Maven is a tool that can automate the building of code into executables called **artifacts**. This ties in with Nexus as that is an artifact *repository*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Maven** is a popular build tool for the Java ecosystem that you will come to learn about throughout the bootcamp. For now, you are not expected to have a firm grasp on what exactly it is, but you will revisit it along with the other build tools in Chapter 6. For now, all you need to understand is that Maven is a tool that can automate the building of code into executables called **artifacts**. This ties in with Nexus as that is an artifact *repository*.
```
